Psalm 8 to the chief musician on the
Psalm 8 to the chief musician on the instrum
instrum
instrum some of David Oh Lord our Lord how
some of David Oh Lord our Lord how
some of David Oh Lord our Lord how excellent is your name in all the earth
excellent is your name in all the earth
excellent is your name in all the earth who have set your glory above the
who have set your glory above the
who have set your glory above the heavens under the mouths of babes and
heavens under the mouths of babes and
heavens under the mouths of babes and nursing infants you have ordained
nursing infants you have ordained
nursing infants you have ordained strength because of your enemies that
strength because of your enemies that
strength because of your enemies that you may silence the enemy and the
you may silence the enemy and the
you may silence the enemy and the Avenger when I consider your heavens the
Avenger when I consider your heavens the
Avenger when I consider your heavens the work of your fingers the moon and the
work of your fingers the moon and the
work of your fingers the moon and the stars which you have ordained what is
stars which you have ordained what is
stars which you have ordained what is man that you are mindful of him and the
man that you are mindful of him and the
man that you are mindful of him and the son of man that you visit him for you
son of man that you visit him for you
son of man that you visit him for you have made him a little lower than the
have made him a little lower than the
have made him a little lower than the angels and you have crowned him with
angels and you have crowned him with
angels and you have crowned him with glory and honor you have made him to
glory and honor you have made him to
glory and honor you have made him to have dominion over the works of your
have dominion over the works of your
have dominion over the works of your hands you have put all things under his
hands you have put all things under his
hands you have put all things under his feet all sheep and oxen even the beasts
feet all sheep and oxen even the beasts
feet all sheep and oxen even the beasts of the field the birds of the air and
of the field the birds of the air and
of the field the birds of the air and the fish of the sea that passed through
the fish of the sea that passed through
the fish of the sea that passed through the paths of the Seas Oh Lord our Lord
the paths of the Seas Oh Lord our Lord
the paths of the Seas Oh Lord our Lord how excellent is your name in all the
how excellent is your name in all the
how excellent is your name in all the earth
earth
earth you